!!!OPENING!!!
 
 -RENT STABILIZED-
 
 *PRIVATE COURTYARD*
 
 
 RENOVATED OLD HISTORICAL BUILDING 
 GYM
 MOVIE THEATER
 LAUNDRY
 BIKE ROOM
 3 CITY VIEW ROOFTOPS
 GREAT LOCATION 
 PET FRIENDLY
 FIRST FLOR
 
 This gorgeous, modern 1 bedroom apartment counts with unbelievable amenities. Super high ceilings, windows all along a corridor with garden view, private exit to courtyard, modern stainless steal kitchen appliances, microwave, dishwasher. Remote control internal heating and AC, bedroom with tall ceilings and plenty of light, first floor, beautiful bathroom with modern appliances. 
 This newly renovated warehouse turned into an apartment building has a modern vintage look. Art cut corners, beams, columns, lines, color combination call art sights in a hidden Mondrian tendency, post modern art architecture influence make the space incredibly unique where cubism and large spaces reflect modern living. Gym in the building, movie theater, yoga room, bike room that accommodates one to two bikes per apartment, unbelievable roof top with a complete city view are amenities offered by this awesome space highlighting community as an important part of Brooklyn living. The building also provides an excellent management available 24/7. 
 Great restaurants, bars, cafes and supermarkets in the neighborhood, close to Pratt university, farmers markets near by on the weekends, kids-dogs friendly park only 2 blocks away, Prospect park 20 minutes away by bike, Fort Green park 15 minutes away with beautiful tree lined roads and tennis courts. BAM (Brooklyn academy of music) 15 minutes away, Brooklyn museum, Botanical Garden 15 minutes away, 35 minutes from the city. Atlantic terminal and Shopping mall in the neighborhood. The building is located on Kosciousko st, in the heart of a highly developed Bedstuy area. G TRAIN 5 BLOCKS AWAY, J,M BLOCKS AWAY. It has a very easy and reachable public transportation, Express buses one block away on Dekalb ave take you in an easy ride to downtown Brooklyn in 15 minutes where you can transfer to B, Q, R trains. The building hosts a wide community of artists and professionals with a fun atmosphere.
