This building is located in the beautiful Ravenswood neighborhood conveniently close to restaurants, parks, shopping, and transportation. For easy grocery shopping & fitness, Marianos & LA Fitness are literally in this property's back yard. Delicious restaurants such as Over Easy and Bang Bang Pie are just two blocks away. Also just a ten minute walk away are the many shops and restaurants of Andersonville on North Clark Street. Some of the highlights include Hopleaf bar and restaurant, A Taste of Heaven, Starbucks, and much more. This location is great for commuting with the Damen Brown Line CTA stop within walking distance from this property. The Brown Line travels to Albany Park, Lakeview, Lincoln Park, and the Loop. Also just an eight minute walk away is the Ravenswood Metra train stop. The Metra travels to the northern suburbs and the Loop. If you are looking for an escape from the busy city lovely Winnemac Park is just four minutes from this building and offers sports fields, a pool, tennis courts, a track and more!

A modern addition to the Ravenswood neighborhood, this building boasts great amenities, such as a meeting room, rooftop deck, pet run & washing station, and on site parking. This luxurious unit offers faux wood flooring in the living room and kitchen and carpeting in the bedroom. The kitchen features sleek granite counter tops, a dishwasher, and microwave. Units in this building offer great natural light, stylish window coverings, large closets for all your storage needs, and best of all in-unit laundry! Both cats & dogs are welcome in this building!

This unit wont last long! Call today to set up a showing.

Prices and availability are subject to change daily.


Web ID: 10211

Address: W Argyle St, CHICAGO IL 60640

Price: $1,729

Availability: Immediately

Amenities included:
Roof Deck, Patio, Dishwasher, Renovated, Granite Kitchen, Light, Laundry In Unit.

Contact:
Trudo Realty
Orlando Perez
Phone: show contact info 
Mobile: show contact info 
Email: show contact info 
More information about this listing
See all of my listings
 
TrudoRealty45607
