Rarely available, spacious, 1 block to RED line w/ FREE Heat & Close to LAKE!!!
 
 Type: Condo
 Bedrooms: 1
 App. Square Feet: 825
 W/D: In unit
 Parking: Free street parking
 Location: 1 Block to Jarvis Red Line train stop
 Includes: water; trash; recycling; sewage; 3 AC window units; dishwasher; microwave; stove; separate dining room; hardwood floors; ceiling fan in bedroom; window coverings (blinds & curtains); bike storage room in basement
 Smoking: Not allowed inside. Outside smoking only.
 Price per month: $1300
 Lease length: 12 month minimum
 Move-in Fee: $400 non-refundable
 Dogs: $400 non-refundable fee per dog. Each dog must be 40 pounds or less. Two dog maximum.
 Cats: $300 non-refundable fee per cat. Two cat maximum.
 Security Deposit: None
 Lease Term: 12 month minimum
 Option: The condo can be rented out furnished (extra $100 per month).
 Credit Check: Required (Paid for by renter)
 Background Check: Required (Paid for by Renter)
 
 If interested, please email me your name, phone number, & when you would like to view the condo. If you do not provide this information, I will not respond due to the spam on Craigslist.
 
 If you enjoy spaciousness, consider this rarely available 1BR condo with 825 square feet with W/D in unit. The unit can also be rented furnished if desired! A lovely and separate dining room is adjacent to a modern kitchen with cabinets, plenty of storage, refinished hardwood floors, blinds and window treatments/curtains. This beautiful 1-bedroom second floor unit located on Fargo Ave, includes free heat (radiators which are highly efficient), plenty of closet space (with built-in closet shelving), bike storage room in basement; and is close to the beach and trains/buses. Three AC units are also included in the rent and there is a ceiling fan in the bedroom. The unit can rented for more than 12 months if desired. A credit check and background check (paid for by renter) are also required.
 
 Just one block walk to the Jarvis Red Line stop; a short stroll to Jarvis Beach; and one block to some great restaurants, bars, outstanding local gym, and a coffee shop at Jarvis Square; great awesome local grocer (Rogers Park Fruit Mart) on Clark or Jewel Osco at a nearby shopping center and Howard stop to catch the Purple Line, Yellow Line, and buses. Summer time, enjoy the outstanding Glenwood Farmer's Market a short bike ride away near Morse; and year round enjoy Rogers Park's noted Heartland Cafe and music at Red Line Tap; and theater at several renown community theaters around the neighborhood.
 
 See the difference when the owner is easily reachable with fast and attentive response times and gorgeous courtyard with blooming flowers, well manicured lawn, and bench seat for socializing. Our close knit residents take pride in the building. We take pride in our warm, inviting and secure home like atmosphere.
 
 Join our community. A wonderful place to live!
