AIRWAY HEIGHTS / FAFB- DUPLEX- 2 BED, 1 BATH,
 2BD | 1BA | $595 /mo | 546 sq ft
Available Apr 14, 2017 - 1106 S. Beeman St., Airway Heights, WA 99001 

 Schedule agent showing: 
 http://alwashow.com/properties/301433/appointment 


Contact Us
Madison Property Management 
 show contact info - property # 301433 

 Schedule agent showing: 
 https://secure.rently.com/properties/301433/appointment 


Description
Madison Real Estate and Property Management is pleased to offer this clean, modern 2 bed/ 1 bath duplex at a great value. Close to Sunset Elementary, Fairchild Air Force Base, Northern Quest Resort and many other dining, shopping and retail establishments! A $75 monthly fee will be assessed for water and sewer, in addition to monthly rent charges. Don't miss our on this great location!! 
 
HURRY! Schedule a showing and/or get on the waiting list today! Click on the Schedule A Showing button on our website or register at Rently.com from your mobile device. 
 
***DO NOT DISTURB: Solicitation is not allowed at the leasehold premises. Please respect the rights of others and direct all questions to management.*** 
 
Madison Real Estate is an Equal Housing Opportunity provider. 
 
BEFORE YOU APPLY - Please consider the following before submitting and paying for a rental application: Anyone aged 18 or above who will be residing at the property must submit an application. We will (1) check your credit report; (2) check for any past evictions; (3) verify your employment, if applicable; (4) verify personal income is sufficient and verifiable; (5) verify your previous landlord references; and (6) perform a criminal background screening. 
 
THE FOLLOWING MAY RESULT IN DENIAL OF YOUR APPLICATION AND/OR OTHER ADVERSE ACTION: credit score below 500, recent bankruptcy, unlawful detainer action (eviction) on your record, poor rental history. Owner and management will screen for criminal convictions for crimes against person or property. There is no automatic exclusion of rental applicants based on criminal history. The following crimes listed, as well as substantially similar crimes, may result in denial of application: Murder; manslaughter; assault; robbery; rape; child molestation; rape of a child; kidnapping; theft; burglary; malicious mischief; arson; reckless burning; delivery of a controlled substance; possession of a controlled substance; manufacturing of a controlled substance. In matters relating to criminal conviction history, circumstances that may be considered include: length of time since conviction, age of individual at time of conduct; evidence of good tenant history before or after conviction or conduct; evidence of rehabilitation efforts; nature of severity of offense(s); and/or number of similar past offenses or lack thereof. Subject to application of state and federal law. 
 
 
By submitting an application for any unit managed by Madison Real Estate and Property Management, Inc., you agree and verify that you have read and understand our Rental Criteria. 
 
All application fees are NON-REFUNDABLE. Prior to applying we encourage you to thoroughly read and understand the Rent Criteria linked above by clicking on Apply Now. In addition, we encourage you to view the property you are interested in renting prior to submitting an application fee. 
 
All properties are non-smoking. 
 
Initial Rental Agreement Term is One Year or less. All Agreements end April through August. Renewals may be offered at the end of the initial Rental Agreement term, but are not guaranteed. 
 
Please see more info on this home and all of our rental properties at: 
 
http://www.MadisonSpokane.com 
 
All information is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed. Prices and availability are subject to change without notice. Please verify all information at http://www.MadisonSpokane.com or by calling our office. 
 
Amenities: CARPORT, FENCED BACK YARD, NO PETS, OFF STREET PARKING, ONE LEVEL LIVING, VINYL WINDOWS, WASHER/DRYER HOOKUPS, WATER/SEWER INCLUDED, NO SECTION 8, Rent: $595, Application Fee: $40, Security Deposit: $595, Available 4/14/17, Cats not allowed, Dogs not allowed
